Natalie’s Top 3 K-Dramas

3. Doom at Your Service

Doom at Your Service, released in 2021, is about a woman named Tak Dong-kyeong who works as an editor who is diagnosed with cancer. When she wishes for doom, the personification of Doom, Myeul-mang, shows up at her door. The two make a deal: if she wishes for the world to come to doom, he will grant it, but if she never wishes for that, the person she loves the most will die. With this deal in place, Tak Dong-kyeong becomes determined to make Myeul-mang the person she loves the most so that she will have nothing to lose. 

This story, at times tragic, and at others, hilarious, focuses on the value of life and love in the modern world as Myeul-mang learns more about what it is like to be a human with limited time and Tak Dong-Kyeong counts down the days she has left to live. I personally enjoyed the witty banter between the two main characters as Myeul-mang kept showing up in her as different people. I also loved Tak Dong-Kyeong’s relationship with her best friend, Na Ji Na who is a struggling writer, as well as the love triangle subplot between Na Ji Na, her high school sweetheart and Tak Dong-Kyeong’s rich co-worker. Overall, I would definitely recommend this show to someone who wants to laugh, cry and maybe have an existential crisis or two. 

2. Hotel del Luna

Hotel del Luna, released in 2019, was unlike anything I had ever seen. This drama grabbed me from the start. With its rich aesthetic, strong chemistry between the leads and emotional storytelling in each episode, Hotel del Luna is easily one of my favourite K-dramas. Like Doom at Your Service, it combines fantasy with the real world. 

The main character, Jang Man-wol is the owner of a hotel for the dead which has been around for thousands of years. She picks Koo Chan Sung as the new manager, despite his resistance as he starts seeing ghosts for the first time and is terrified at this new world that has opened up to him. Eventually, he gives in and becomes a part of the hotel, bonding with ghosts who work and live there. 

I loved the relationship between Man-wol and Chan-sung. She is very fashionable, loves food, has expensive taste and is always on the verge of being broke, whereas he is responsible for keeping her in check. Every episode had something new and interesting, like ghosts seeking revenge on those who wronged them, the hotel staff trying to accommodate strange guests and Jang Man Wol confronting her past from a thousand years ago. This whole show felt very comforting to me and I even found myself wishing to work at the hotel. I would recommend this one to anyone looking for a comfort show with a found family trope and who doesn’t mind a bit of gore every now and then (some of the ghosts are a little creepy lol). 

Alchemy of Souls

This was the first K-drama I ever watched and I have a feeling that it will always be near the top of my list. This drama is unique in that it has two seasons which is rare for K-dramas, the first releasing in 2022 and the second in 2023. It was created by the Hong sisters who also made Hotel del Luna and the similarities are evident in Alchemy of Souls’ strong storytelling, quirky characters and beautiful imagery.

The story begins with Jang Uk, who needs his gate of power opened after it was locked when he was a child so that he can be powerful like the other mages. Then, when a famous assassin shifts into the body of a servant, Mudeok, and loses her powers, she ends up becoming Jang Uk’s servant. They decide that once has has his gate of power opened, she will train him to be a powerful mage while she figures out how to get her power back. All the while, others are suspicious of them, like the highly entertaining Crown Prince and Jang Uk’s quiet, reserved friend, Seo Yul, who knows more than he is letting on. 

One of the reasons I love this drama the most is because of the extra layer of fantasy compared to the others. This one takes place in an imaginary historical kingdom with no connection to the modern world. It really transported me to another place and the brilliant special effects shown through the mages fighting really sold it. I like the soundtrack a lot, too and was never able to get “Scars leave beautiful trace” by Car, the garden out of my head. Also, if you prefer watching K-Dramas with English dubbed over, this show had that available!

To conclude, Alchemy of Souls literally took my breath away many times with unexpected plot twists and entertaining character dynamics who I couldn’t get enough of (I shipped Mu-deok with everyone because it was impossible to choose!) I was also on the edge of my seat fearing for their lives constantly. This drama was so much fun for me to watch last summer and I would recommend it to anyone who wants an exciting and comedic fantasy drama.

Well, that’s my countdown for my Top 3 favourite K Dramas! If you decide to watch any of them, I sincerely hope you enjoy the show!

Warmly,

Natalie <3
